[WIP] Initial SIG Steering spotlight content. (#589)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/blog/2025/k8s-steering-spotlight.md

---
layout: blog
title: "Spotlight on the Kubernetes Steering Committee"
slug: k8s-steering-spotlight-2025

> date: 2025-09-09

Reviewer: Is this still target to Sep 9th? We may miss that soon.

Reviewer 2: It's post release comms period. Ok to merge this as draft; ok to skip mirroring this to the main blog. 

But I recommend a different approach:
• add `draft: true` to the front matter
• get the LGTM
• ask SIG Docs' blog team to take over and help get this published, including mirroring to the main blog

Author: I have `draft: true` set, assumed it still needed a date. I'll update it for a future date, but if it's not needed I can remove it.

---
layout: blog
title: "Spotlight on the Kubernetes Steering Committee"
slug: k8s-steering-spotlight-2025
date: 2025-09-17
draft: true
author: "Arpit Agrawal"
---

> _This interview was originally made last year, and due to the dynamic nature of the Steering

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
_This interview was conducted in August 2024, and due to the dynamic nature of the Steering
```

Author: Reflected in latest commit.
